the sound they make is a lot like a drum
set so they have a way of making like a
snare drum and a bass drum and a cymbal
for instance the snare drum is just
slapping your hand on the surface and
pulling it back up and then a bass drum
is when you put plunge your hand all the
way underwater and there's that
collapsing event so our experiment is a
lot more calculated perhaps and like dry
but we essentially you know have a
high-speed camera there and hydrophone
and a microphone and we slap the surface
or plunge in the surface and then record
that but it's not nearly as exciting as
watching these women do it it's a
possibility you could communicate
underwater this way from the surface
it's maybe a way that you could call
your kids back if they were snorkeling
or something like that you know you know
slap slap plunge plow and it being good
mean like Jerry you know get home now
I'm swing
[Laughter]
you